link to forked codepen: https://codepen.io/EPritchard4343/pen/KKzvOPW?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it gives meaning to the markup

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to display data in a graphical form

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is a modifier of an HTML element, it goes in the front as a start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is the biggest (main) header tag, its used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> and IMG

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    <header> 

    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute that specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    unique elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 

    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that specifies one or more classnames for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    there is no limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add targe="blank_" to the anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    the alt attribute in the image tag specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
    a # character follwed by the id of the element

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section groups the content inside the section tags and a div is a division of an HTML element.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style our HTML

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using a type selector eg;   h2 {
                                    color: purple;
                              }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is used to identify a unique element and a class can identify more than one.
    An id would be something like a bookmark that makes a link to somewhere on your page or another page.
    A class might be used to identify multiple lines and add color to those lines specifically.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    a . follwed by the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    its used to select an element with a specific parent, its useful when you want to specify certain code

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div, sidebar {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    changing the line-hieght in CSS

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    changing the letter-spacing in CSS

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    a text-transform: lowercase/uppercase/capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    the * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*    followed by   */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    the pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    the command ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    the command rm, you can delete all of your files with no way to recover them


    34. Why should I use version control?
    In case a bug ruins all of my code, I could go back to a older version where my code isnt bugged.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    very often, 15-20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     First I create my own version of the repo by forking. I make sure after forking that my name is in front of
     the repo now. Add my TL as a collaborator on my forked repo. Then I clone the repo to my local computer and 
     create a branch. After my changes I can push my branch to git and submit a pull request. After the pull request
     is made I'll add my TL as a Reviewer. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
